In this video you're going to learn how to link your outwards account to your Google Analytics account
and we share data between the two platforms.
So to do that you want to come into your admin section and then click on Adwords and then you can really
link a new group.
Now I've already set this up here and all you really have to do is click on link a new group if you're
logged into your Google account.
It's just going to show it right there.
You can see it's already linked for me.
And then you just need to continue.
And that's really it.
It's so simple to link up the Adwords and analytics are not easy.
The main reason that you want to do this is so that you can really track what people who come from odd
words do on your site after they click through so Google Adwords will give you a detailed dashboard
about what campaigns are working keywords the different gods etc..
But if you really want to get a lot of information here in your AdWords reports on your acquisitions
section and understand what those users do after they click through on your site does that really lead
to a sale on your site et cetera then it is great idea to link these two accounts and get that set up.
So once again come into the admin section and you can do that under your property and the odd ones odd
words linking section.
Just remember you will need added access in order to link both onwards and Analects up together.